docs: add new kubernetes build driver docs (#1208)
docker/buildx: docs/guides/kubernetes-builder.md

---
title: "Kubernetes builder"
description: "Connect buildx to a kubernetes cluster"
keywords: build, buildx, buildkit
---

The buildx kubernetes driver allows connecting your local development or ci
environments to your kubernetes cluster to allow access to more powerful
and varied compute resources.

This guide assumes you already have an existing kubernetes cluster - if you don't already
have one, you can easily follow along by installing
[minikube](https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/).

> To connect buildx to your cluster, you'll first need to create a dedicated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before setting up buildx for your cluster, you may want to create a dedicated
```

kube0-6977cdcb75-48ld2   1/1     Running   0          8s
kube0-6977cdcb75-rkc6b   1/1     Running   0          8s
kube0-6977cdcb75-vb4ks   1/1     Running   0          8s
kube0-6977cdcb75-z4fzs   1/1     Running   0          8s
```
    
Additionally, you can use the `loadbalance=(sticky|random)` option to control
the load-balancing behavior when there are multiple replicas. While `random`
should selects random nodes from the available pool, which should provide
better balancing across all replicas, `sticky` (the default) attempts to
connect the same build performed multiple times to the same node each time,
ensuring better local cache utilization.

For more information on scalability, see the options for [buildx create](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/buildx_create/#kubernetes-driver-1).

## Multi-arch builds

The kubernetes buildx driver has support for creating [multi-architecture images](https://docs.docker.com/buildx/working-with-buildx/#build-multi-platform-images),
for easily building for multiple platforms at once.

### QEMU

Like the other containerized driver `docker-container`, the kubernetes driver

> also supports using [QEMU](https://www.qemu.org/) to build non-native platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
also supports using [QEMU](https://www.qemu.org/) (user mode) to build non-native platforms.
```

option, or invoking non-native binaries from within your build, you may need to
explicitly enable QEMU using the `qemu.install` option during driver creation:

```console
$ docker buildx create \
  --bootstrap \
  --name=kube \
  --driver=kubernetes \
  --driver-opt=namespace=buildkit,qemu.install=true
```

### Native

If you have access to cluster nodes of different architectures, we can
configure the kubernetes driver to take advantage of these for native builds.
To do this, we need to use the `--append` feature of `docker buildx create`.

To start, we can create our builder with explicit support for a single
architecture, `amd64`:

```console
$ docker buildx create \
  --bootstrap \
  --name=kube \
  --driver=kubernetes \
  --platform=linux/amd64 \
  --node=builder-amd64 \
  --driver-opt=namespace=buildkit,nodeselector="kubernetes.io/arch=amd64"
```

This creates a buildx builder `kube` containing a single builder node `builder-amd64`.
Note that the buildx concept of a node is not the same as the kubernetes
concept of a node - the buildx node in this case could connect multiple
kubernetes nodes of the same architecture together.

> With out `kube` driver created, we can now introduce another architecture into

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With our `kube` driver created, we can now introduce another architecture into
```
